like Chop Cars comes from Angelus especially in the center because hardly one
Producer probably sells somewhere more of his special relationship food than in
California"
Porsche launches a new top model of the Boxster series at the start of the new
Boxster Spyder which with 1000 275 kilograms the lightest model of the
The entire industry's range is the new mid-engine roadster intended to be the
purist form of the Porsche sports car to embody slightly strong
and be efficient
The Boxster Spyder comes as a third variant in addition to Boxster and Boxster s
February 2010 on the market
The carmaker Audi now has its new electric car e-tron also in the USA
presents this high-tech two-seater is purely electric on the move
come on the market already in 2012
but only in a limited edition of 1000 units
there will be a lot more units on the r8 Spyder
The R8 Spyder 5 point second is the Quadro will then have a V10 engine
with a power of 525 hp
With this performance, the r8 Spyder needs to sprint from zero to 100 only
whole four point 1 second
The superstar of the IAA was now also to be admired for the first time in the USA
hardly any Mercedes models have talked so much in recent months
about the new SLS CMM
the 571 hp Gullwing is now available for about 100 77 thousand euros
and should be almost sold out
after the Lexus lf-a celebrated its world premiere in Tokyo
now the American clientele must be thrilled
the 560-hp Lexus lf-a is 325 Colmar fast
and is already in 2010 in this series form on California roads too
be found
the first contact comes out with the american fans
take up the smaller office
the interest was at least very big
because tomorrow showed the new park Aero Supersport
Lotus was very strong
with the whole product range you need in Hollywood so before the everyday life
a high-chocolate vehicle JAL of the Fisker Karma
The same is true for the vehicles of Spycher
Celine
and especially the market
Vehicles that bring ideal attributes for California